📖 Add DataRobot to the provider documentation. (#3)
datarobot-forks/litellm: docs/my-website/docs/providers/datarobot.md

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# DataRobot

> LiteLLM supports all models from [DataRobot](https://datarobot.com). Selecting `datarobot` as the provider routes your request through the `datarobot` OpenAI-compatible endpoint using the upstream [official OpenAI Python API library](https://github.com/openai/openai-python/blob/main/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LiteLLM supports all models from [DataRobot](https://datarobot.com). Select `datarobot` as the provider to route your request through the `datarobot` OpenAI-compatible endpoint using the upstream [official OpenAI Python API library](https://github.com/openai/openai-python/blob/main/README.md).
```

> ## Usage - environment variables
> ```python
> import os
> from litellm import completion
> os.environ["DATAROBOT_API_KEY"] = ""
> os.environ["DATAROBOT_API_BASE"] = "" # [OPTIONAL] defaults to https://app.datarobot.com
> 
> response = completion(
>             model="datarobot/openai/gpt-4o-mini",
>             messages=messages,
>         )
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Usage 

### Environment variables
```python
import os
from litellm import completion
os.environ["DATAROBOT_API_KEY"] = ""
os.environ["DATAROBOT_API_BASE"] = "" # [OPTIONAL] defaults to https://app.datarobot.com

response = completion(
            model="datarobot/openai/gpt-4o-mini",
            messages=messages,
        )
```
```

> ## Usage - completion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Completion
```

```python
import litellm
import os

response = litellm.completion(
    model="datarobot/openai/gpt-4o-mini",   # add `datarobot/` prefix to model so litellm knows to route through DataRobot
    messages=[
                {
                    "role": "user",
                    "content": "Hey, how's it going?",
                }
    ],
)
print(response)
```

> ## DataRobot Completion Models

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## DataRobot completion models
```

> 🚨 LiteLLM supports _all_ DataRobot LLM gateway models, to get a list for your installation and user account, you can send this simple CURL command:
> `curl -X GET -H "Authorization: Bearer $DATAROBOT_API_TOKEN" "$DATAROBOT_ENDPOINT/genai/llmgw/catalog/" | jq | grep 'model":'DATAROBOT_ENDPOINT/genai/llmgw/catalog/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🚨 LiteLLM supports _all_ DataRobot LLM gateway models. To get a list for your installation and user account, send the following CURL command:
`curl -X GET -H "Authorization: Bearer $DATAROBOT_API_TOKEN" "$DATAROBOT_ENDPOINT/genai/llmgw/catalog/" | jq | grep 'model":'DATAROBOT_ENDPOINT/genai/llmgw/catalog/`
```
